CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

Contributions are welcome and any help that can be offered is greatly appreciated.
Please take a moment to read the entire contributing guide.

This repository uses the [Feature Branch Workflow](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/comparing-workflows/feature-branch-workflow),
meaning that development should take place in `feat/` branches, with the `master` branch kept in a stable state.
When you submit pull requests, please make sure to fork from and submit back to `master`.

Other processes and specifications that are in use in this repository are:

-   [Semantic versioning](https://semver.org/)
-   [Conventional commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) following the @commitlint/config-conventional config
-   [Prettier](https://prettier.io/) style guide

## Getting Started

This repository requires that you have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org) installed.

With those in place, you can fork the repository, clone it, and then run `npm install` to install all development dependencies.

### Development Workflow

After cloning and installing all the dependencies, there are several commands available for local development:

-   `npm run lint` - Lints everything in src directory
-   `npm run jest` - Runs Jest over all tests in src directory
-   `npm test` - Runs `npm run lint` and `npm run jest` together

## Documentation Style

Documentation (both in markdown files and inline comments) should be written in **British English** where possible.

Titles and headings should adhere to the [Associated Press (AP)](https://www.apstylebook.com/) style:

-   Capitalise words with three or more letters
-   Capitalise the first and the last word
-   Capitalise nouns, pronouns, adjectives, verbs, adverbs, and subordinate conjunctions
-   Lowercase articles (a, an, the), coordinating conjunctions, and prepositions
-   Capitalise words with four or more letters (including conjunctions and prepositions)

## Pull Request Checklist

Prior to submitting a pull request back to the main repository, please make sure you have completed the following steps:

1. Pull request base branch is set to `master`. All pull requests should be forked from and merged back to `master`
2. Run `npm test` to check the code adheres to the defined style and that it passes the Jest tests
3. Run `npm run lint:prettier` to run the Prettier code formatter over the code

Step 2. is automatically run by a pre-commit hook added by [Husky](https://typicode.github.io/husky/#/).

## Release Process

Before a release, ensure the API docs are regenerated with `npm run doc`.

## Issues

Please file your issues [here](https://github.com/Fdawgs/node-unrtf/issues) and try to provide as much information in the template as possible/relevant.

Commit message:

docs(contributing): add step for `lint:licenses` script

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

Contributions are welcome and any help that can be offered is greatly appreciated.
Please take a moment to read the entire contributing guide.

This repository uses the [Feature Branch Workflow](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/comparing-workflows/feature-branch-workflow),
meaning that development should take place in `feat/` branches, with the `master` branch kept in a stable state.
When you submit pull requests, please make sure to fork from and submit back to `master`.

Other processes and specifications that are in use in this repository are:

-   [Semantic versioning](https://semver.org/)
-   [Conventional commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) following the @commitlint/config-conventional config
-   [Prettier](https://prettier.io/) style guide

## Getting Started

This repository requires that you have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org) installed.

With those in place, you can fork the repository, clone it, and then run `npm install` to install all development dependencies.

### Development Workflow

After cloning and installing all the dependencies, there are several commands available for local development:

-   `npm run lint` - Lints everything in src directory
-   `npm run jest` - Runs Jest over all tests in src directory
-   `npm test` - Runs `npm run lint` and `npm run jest` together

## Documentation Style

Documentation (both in markdown files and inline comments) should be written in **British English** where possible.

Titles and headings should adhere to the [Associated Press (AP)](https://www.apstylebook.com/) style:

-   Capitalise words with three or more letters
-   Capitalise the first and the last word
-   Capitalise nouns, pronouns, adjectives, verbs, adverbs, and subordinate conjunctions
-   Lowercase articles (a, an, the), coordinating conjunctions, and prepositions
-   Capitalise words with four or more letters (including conjunctions and prepositions)

## Pull Request Checklist

Prior to submitting a pull request back to the main repository, please make sure you have completed the following steps:

1. Pull request base branch is set to `master`. All pull requests should be forked from and merged back to `master`
2. Run `npm test` to check the code adheres to the defined ESLint style and that it passes the Jest tests
3. Run `npm run lint:prettier` to run the Prettier code formatter over the code
4. Run `npm run lint:licenses` if adding or updating production dependencies to check they use permissive licenses

Steps 2. and 4. are automatically run by a pre-commit hook added by [Husky](https://typicode.github.io/husky/#/).

## Release Process

Before a release, ensure the API docs are regenerated with `npm run doc`.

## Issues

Please file your issues [here](https://github.com/Fdawgs/node-unrtf/issues) and try to provide as much information in the template as possible/relevant.
